fix(server): Listen only to 127.0.0.1 by default (#2977)
vitejs/vite: docs/config/index.md

### server.host

- **Type:** `string`
- **Default:** `'127.0.0.1'`

>   Specify server hostname, used to specify which IP addresses the server
>   will be available on.
>   In order to open the server for traffic from other machines, you can
>   set this to `'0.0.0.0'`.
>   
>   It is also possible to set this from the CLI using `--host 0.0.0.0`
>   or just `--host`.

Reviewer: [nit]

```suggestion
  Specify which IP addresses the server should listen on.
  Set this to `0.0.0.0` to listen on all addresses, including LAN and public addresses.
  
  This can be set via the CLI using `--host 0.0.0.0` or `--host`.
```
